Youth Organization for Northern Regions (YONOR) is a non-profit organization, founded in 2016 and registered Somalia Government in 13 February 2017 in Mogadishu.
Youth Organization for Northern Regions (YONOR) is an organization for the Somali youth to get a job opportunity for the Somalia Government, to contribute to the reconstruction of the country and the good governance, Somali youth are central to our country.
Youth Organization for Northern Regions (YONOR) is organization for development youth, its aims to create/provide Somali youth with the opportunity job to support their communities in both urban and rural areas of Somalia to provide better education, basic health care, and Job opportunities, respect human rights, peace, good governance and ultimately the development of youth.
The organization is registered with the Ministry of Interior and Federalism of the Federal Republic of Somalia and the Ministry of Labor and Federal Affairs of the Federal Republic of Somalia, the Ministry of Youth and Sports of the Federal Republic of Somalia and Municipality Benaadir Region.
After consultations in Mogadishu, the founders responded to the urgent needs of Somali youth and decided to seek employment opportunities to contribute to rebuild their country for many years of war and famine Persistent and famine that led to the collapse of the Somali state.
Somali youth live in extremely poor conditions; youth programs are based on finding or creation Somali youth in the job opportunities of our country, Education, health.
Mission statement:
YONOR- mission is integration Somali Youth in the North and the South regions and all world youth together to work on the development of services and education and health, hygiene, environmental protection, plants and wildlife, awareness of HIV and AIDS.
 



Vision statement:
YONOR-vision is all regions of Somalia together to improve their youth communities, rural and urban, peace and integration of young people, rebuilding our country. the development of education, awareness of social serious illness, hygiene and sanitation, up improve productivity and protect plants and wildlife
Objective

1.	Increase access to education for children from poor and vulnerable groups while strengthening the quality and capacity of teachers, teaching/learning environment and institutional structures. 
2.	Increased sustainable access to safe water and sanitation services for men, women and children in rural and urban. 
3.	Increase access to primary health care services to vulnerable groups and locations. 
4.	Increase public environmental awareness and advocacy through trainings, meetings, media etc. 
5.	Build the capacity of local CBOs, women groups, youth groups in better management practices, service delivery etc. 
6.	To enhance education and skills training access to youth and adults to promote employment opportunities. 
7.	Enhance peace building, human rights and democracy promotion. 
8.	Promote and advocate for gender sensitive approaches to enhance women’s rights and girl-child education and strengthen the participation and involvement of women and vulnerable groups in programs and organization. 
9.	Strengthen community capacity to cope with future shocks in disaster preparedness and management. 
10.	 Improve the protection of and respect for the human rights and dignity of vulnerable populations – with a special focus on IDPs, women, children and marginalized groups – through effective advocacy and the application of a rights-based approach across all sectors.
Goal:
Our goal is to raise awareness of peace and development in all regions of Somalia and world youth to get justice and equality and eradication poverty and promote prosperity in a changing world. Ensure the integration of youth, women's rights, implementation of the future structure of stability. To be free in the future and youth culture
